Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord, or afternoon like it is here. I
had a video that I made you all
about the pope and my response
to it, or all the things that I believe
I've seen. But I've recorded that video,
I think, four times
now. Every single time I get
finished with the video, I feel that
it's not finished what
I'm supposed to say.
I told Braden, "I
want to get it right smack dab on
because it's that important to me to be
accurate in the prophetic, as a
watchman."The
prayer time that
I had
in this last video was
amazing. I encourage you to listen to
the whole thing. What the Holy
Spirit said shook me. It was amazing,
and I
want to tell you all it's
that clear what the Holy Spirit said in
the prayer time. This is what I have
to say about it, and I've gone over
this. Even Braden and I have been
talking. Diana had to go get
groceries and stuff.
What I saw is what I
saw. What I saw was the Asian man.
I do not give any excuses for
that. It was out of my prayer time with
you
all. I relayed exactly what I was
shown. Was it off?
Yes. Could it be imagination? I
took communion, y'all.
I did exactly
what I always do: I go in with
authority and I sit at his feet just
like I always do. What I think is
interesting is when I spoke against the
prophetic
people just this last week
who missed
it about
Trump in the first term. But they stood
by what they said. They stood by what
they saw because they
believed they were shown it and
they fought for it. But it was still not
accurate for that time
frame. Everything
that they were shown, everybody stood
by it to the point of
embarrassment. But they believed it
because they knew what they seen in
the spirit, but it was
off. This what I saw about the Asian
pope contradicted what I saw in
tribulation. And that's why it was so
hard for me when I grabbed my head and I
said, "I bind any demonic spirits trying
to influence this vision right
now in the name of Jesus."I
came
against it instantaneously because I
saw the white man that had the
jawbone and all the things that I've
always said at the abomination of
desolation whenever the pope was
standing there with the man in black. I
saw that, and I know
that was an out-of-body experience that I
had with the Lord Jesus. I saw the
drones. I saw all of it. That was more
real to me than just pinching
myself right now. I
could smell the blood. I could smell
everything. Feel the fires, all of it.
It was just real. But this was a prayer
assignment praying for this Asian man.
Now, was the Asian man going to take the
position and be the pope and we
averted that through prayer? I have no
idea. I'm still praying into that, which is why
I haven't made this video so quickly
because instantly you want to go, "I
missed it.
Forgive me."Out
of
the other four
videos that I've made, every single one
of them has been apologetic, telling you
that I'm sorry for missing it
and
not wanting to lead the
body of Christ wrong. But I know I saw
what I saw. And that's the part that I
struggle with, not out of pride, but out
of accuracy. What did I see? What was it
about the Asian man in a white outfit
rising up and trying to cause revival in
the Philippines and in all the islands
for the Catholic Church like a pope?
Does that happen in the days ahead? I
don't know. All I know is that the Lord
said, "Let your yeas be yeas, your yeses
be yeses, and your nays, nays. Always have
a backbone like a crowbar when you're
speaking for me. Never back down. Always
be strong and fear God, not man. Don't
worry about what they say about you,
regardless of how hard the word is or
what you say. Don't bow down to it,
Brandon. Stand strong in it because fear
me, not
them."And
so, I've always tried to abide
by that.
Be bold as a lion.
I've always tried to be as
bold as I can be.
Most people say, "Oh, Brandon, poor
you."Oh
folks, we all can miss it.
That's not the problem. I
don't mind missing it. I've missed it
before, and I know I'll probably miss it
again. But when you are leading hundreds
of thousands of people in prayer and
doing this, I pray for God to make me as
accurate as possible.
God, make me as
accurate. I want this vessel to
be, when I'm receiving a word from you,
flowing
through a vessel that doesn't have
issues. Make me a vessel that has no
issues. And that's
only with spending time at his feet.
This is something that I'm having to
really weigh out because I know I saw it
was so clear. Everything I saw about
the calendar flip in front of my face,
the storm, all of it, the root
coming down, it was so clear. And I go,
"Lord, what is this?"Like I said,
I never want to make excuses. I'm not
here to be popular.
I don't care. Quite frankly, if it turns
off tomorrow, I'll go doing what I
always have done. I've done exactly what
he's asked me to do. But I do not want
to lead people astray. I want people to
be able to come here and not
go, "Well, can I trust the word? Is it
flaky?"I
don't want to be
what it was in 2020. I always want to be
transparent. And so that's why I've
struggled with this because I even
struggled with the Asian man. I'm
just being real with you. It was weird
for me. And I was like, "What is
this?"So
I always go back and pray over my
mind and say, "Father, I thank you that no
familiar voices, no false spirits or
anything will mess with my visions or my
dreams or anything, and that I'm always
lined up with
you."I
think it's interesting, folks,
because the bigger the platform,
the greater the demonic attack has been
that I never speak of because you don't
give them any credit. But I always know
that the enemy comes as an
angel of light and he tries to come and
snare
people. So if he snared
me—and
this is all, please God, that's
the part I have to say, please forgive
me—all
I can tell you is I try and
this is very humbling.
I never had
any pride about it.
I wasn't arrogant about
it. I just tell you what I see and I
pray.
That's it. It's just black and white to
me. And so that's why I've been
not reluctant to make a video, but
reluctant to be quick about making a
video. "What is it, Lord, that you're
trying to say? Is there something to
this?"Because
I will not come across as
saying Trump's going to be president in
2020 and keep
saying it clear up until a year and
"Oh no, they're going to remove
him."I'm
not going to be
that person. That's ultimately what it's
all about to me: Jesus Christ coming
soon. And I know the other things that I
have seen, the track record that I have
had with the economy, with all these
things, there's a lot there.
I've
shared a lot with y'all. And so
we're waiting for some things and we've
seen some things. It's a journey for
me. It's a journey for you. I pray
that you continue to pray with me.
I don't want to discourage
anybody. My heart is
pure. I don't want to be flaky. God
bless everybody if I've caused any kind
of confusion because I'm telling you,
there's all kinds of YouTubers that
are
making money off of me trying to
poke fun at me. And it's funny,
if it wasn't for people like
me, they would go broke. It's the flat
truth. They would go broke because they
have to have negative content against
people that see and people that hear
that are accurate, that have a following
like the Lord has given me.
They don't have a big following, but they
make content off of us, running us down,
and they make thousands of dollars off
of it. And I go, 'Isn't that funny? I give
you a job.'So, I don't know, that's just
the way I look at it. I think it's
funny because regardless of the
persecution, I'm giving these people, who
really are rascals, a job. So, God bless
them. I pray for them. But you know
what? It is what it is. And this is what
I think's interesting, too. The Lord
gave me the definition between what is a
watchman—a
true watchman—versus
a prophet.
One is a right eye and
one is a left eye. They're both seeing
the vision of what's coming, but they
proclaim things differently and how you
pray for things. Everything in
Christianity is based out of
prayer.
The five-fold ministry is all based out
of pastor, prophet—it's all based
out of prayer. But the way a prophet
proclaims and decrees a thing for the
Lord is like a pillar. A watchman
changes things, and things can change. I
see on the edge of the horizon of time,
telling you what's coming, and that is it
can either be changed or it's set in
stone. But a prophet sees and decrees,
and it's set in stone. They see this
is what's going to happen. But my
gifting is different, but it's similar.
It's all through the lens of the
watcher. It's all through the lens. Does
that make sense, what I'm saying? I'm
trying really hard right now, but the
Lord showed me. And there's a lot of
prophetic voices that are watchers that
are seeing, and they think
they can set in stone, and they are
walking in a watcher's calling. And
then there's a lot of watchers
that are walking in the prophetic. And
the Lord told me, He said, 'The reason there
is
confusion in the body of Christ is
because it's not taught. There's not a
lot of people—pastors, teachers,
evangelists—teaching
about the watchers
and the prophets, the prophetic gifting
and what it's
about.'So,
you automatically say,
'Brandon's a prophet.'And I've always
told you, I've never had a word from
anybody stating that Brandon Biggs is a
prophet. Never have I ever once. And
I've always said—they've always said,
'Brandon, you're called to
pray.'Even
the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're called
to be an intercessor to the
nations.'I
said, 'What? That's cool.'But everybody
says, 'Well, you're a prophet because
you see in the future and you see all
these things and it comes to
pass.'I
said, 'Some of the negative
things that I've seen is not that it
would come to pass. It's that we can
stop it and it's a prayer
avail.'But
every single word that I've gotten from
people has always been around being a
watchman and a prayer person, a
prayer warrior. And I go, 'Okay, well,
cool.'And
then all of a
sudden people start seeing me on YouTube
and they go, 'He's a prophet.'And they
label me as a prophet. And I'm going,
'Well, I'm not a self-proclaimed
prophet. I don't line up with that. I
don't know.'Then I have other big
ministers now going, 'You're a
prophet.'And
I'm like, 'But that's not what the
Holy Spirit has told me.'But He's
told me I'm a healing evangelist. I'm
supposed to pray for the sick and I know
that's coming one day. I haven't seen
the full manifestation of that. I see
sprigs of it, but I haven't seen the
full something, you know, taking the
baton of healing to the nations. I
haven't seen it yet, but I'm still
believing, but I know that I've seen the
fruits of being a watchman and praying.
And so, I don't know, y'all. I'm
a work in progress just like
everybody else. But I just wanted to
make this video. I was sitting
here in the parking lot and it's not all
with the background. I'm
at
Sprouts. I told Braden, I said,
'I've
got to release this. I've got to
talk this over and tell
everybody.'Megan's
in the back. Can you tell
them
hi? No, she said hi. She said hi. 'Hi.
Hi. Hi. You want ice cream?'I do too,
but I can't have
one. I'm trying. Hey, I'm down—I think
I'm down 15 pounds. It's pretty good.
I'm trying. I've got to turn this around. I
realize that weight can be a
distraction. Clothes can be a
distraction. And I don't want my
weight to be a distraction to everybody.
And I don't want my clothes to be a
distraction. So, I've been wearing black
t-shirts and stuff because if I wear
a
polo, people freak out. 'Oh my
God.'And
I'm going, 'I'm trying to give you a word
and tell you Jesus is
coming.'You're
freaking out about clothes. I'm heavy.
Yes, I ate too many potato chips. And
they say, 'You're fat. That distracts
me.'I'm
like, 'Oh my God.'I just
want you all to hear a clear word,
please. It's like 'squirrel!'You know,
it's like that little thing. You
remember that movie, Up—the cartoon, Up—with
the
little things? So the dog was
there with his master and he's talking,
and every time he'd go,
'Squirrel!'And
he looks at the squirrel
and everybody else looks at the
squirrel. I don't want to be that person
that causes the squirrel and causes you
to be
distracted. It's just real. I
love life, y'all. Jesus is coming and
that's all that matters. There's so many
people, like maybe even them, that don't
even know. There's so many people that
have an opportunity where this might be
their last moment on this earth. They
could die in their sleep tonight. And all
this other stuff about popes and all
this other—quite frankly, it's really
silly. I spoke into something I should
have filtered it out. And usually Braden
cuts things out of our videos and says,
'Dad, I don't think you should say
that.'He'll
always cut that out and I cut it out and
I don't always put everything I see on
those videos. And in this one, I thought,
'You know what? We probably should. That
was kind of cool. Let's see what happens
with it.'And I put it out there.
I
shouldn't have; I should have cut it out
and you would have never known. I
would never be making this video right
now. There's a lot of things that I see
that I don't bring public and I just go,
'Whatever.'You
know, you live and you
learn. But it's
like—it's
the same thing about Trump's
ear. I didn't want to make it public and
I did that on Pastor Steve
Cioccolanti's
channel. I was not going to make that
public, but that was what made the
platform what it is today. There's so
many of you all that came over here
because of that word, and I was never
going to make that public. Never. Never.
I hinted around at it, but I was too
scared to put it on my platform. And
it's
funny, we all laugh about it still today
that it all went viral when I was at
somebody else's channel because I got
bolder
over there. So I thought, 'Man,
if I see this about this age, man, what
is this?'Who knows what it's still
about? I stand by what I said I saw. I
stand by it. So we pray this video
blesses
you. Now let's go to our prayer
session. Bye-bye. So let's pray today.
Let's take communion. Let's pray. Let's
thank the Lord for this day.
He has given it to us, and let's make
the most of this day. Let's make the
most of what He's given us today. So,
Father, I thank You, Lord, for every
single person who's here—still
here—if
they want to be a part of this prayer
channel, they stand and they want to be
with You, Lord. They're all hungry,
Father. They're all wanting. But Father,
we ask for prophetic accuracy. We ask
for watchman accuracy in all of this. We
don't want confusion. We don't want any
confusion. We don't want any kind of
weirdness. We're not here to be flaky.
We're here to seek You. And in the
process of saying what You say, it
may sound flaky, but Father, we want
prophetic clarity, Father, that when we
hear You, we will hear Your voice,
and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over every satanic or
demonic spirit that comes against the
hearing and the seeing
of the watchmen. And we thank you,
Lord, that we are not snared by any
satanic or demonic spirit in the name of
Jesus. We take authority over these
things. And we thank you, Lord, that we
hear your voice and a stranger's voice
we will not
follow. It's a promise,
Lord. So Lord, we lift up this body
before you. And we thank you, Lord, that
we are anointed for such a time as this
to be watchmen, to be seers,
to see that which is coming, to warn
those people that there's danger, to warn
of what's coming. Father, let
us
not be caught off guard; let us see what's
coming ahead of time—way before it's
supposed to happen, way before, even in
decades before, whatever it may
be—just
like you did in the Bible. Jesus Christ
is the same yesterday, today, and
forever. And we believe that you
spoke
to the people back then, and
you're speaking to people now. Father,
you've not changed. You've not
altered. But God, you are still a God
that speaks and warns his people of
what's coming. And I thank you, Lord,
that you're showing us that which is to
come. Still on this channel, you're
still speaking to us.
You're still warning us, 'Brandon,
this is coming. This is what's not
coming.'Well,
I need to help the people.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you,
Father, that we are not swayed by our
emotions. We're not swayed by what
our minds try to think, but we have a
backbone, Father, that stands for what
God says. And Father, I thank you,
Lord. If you're off, you're off. If
you're right, you're right. But Father,
I thank you, Lord, that there's
prophetic clarity. There's
watchman clarity in the days ahead.
Father, my heart is never
to try to confuse or bring any kind of
confusion into the camp of the body of
Christ, bringing forth weirdness. Father,
I thank you, Lord, there's no weirdness,
God. We praise you, God. There's no
weirdness. There's only clarity; there's
only following you. And I pray over my
spiritual eyes, my ears,
and
my heart, Father, that I hear
you only. Thank you, Lord, for
the blood that covers us from the top of
our head to the soles of our feet. Thank
you, Lord, that you have a plan for our
lives. I thank you,
Father. Now, Lord, we take this body
right now because you were wounded for
our transgressions, you were bruised for
our iniquities, the chastisement of our
peace was upon you, and with your stripes
we are healed. And we take this body
right now, and we thank you, Lord, that we
are joined with you, seated in the
heavenlies far above all principalities
and powers and might. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we're in that place of
authority over the demonic. And we thank
you, Father, we take this body right now
and in Jesus'name we're healed. We're
whole. We're well. We take the blood; we
apply the blood of Jesus over us. And we
thank you, Lord, for the blood that you
said if we confess our sins, you're
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. Now, Father, I take
this blood right now in the name of
Jesus Christ, and I plead the blood of
Jesus over every single viewer today. I
plead the blood from the top of their
head to the soles of their feet. I thank
you, Lord, that no weapon formed against
them is going to prosper. Every tongue
that rises against them, they condemn
it. Father, I cover us in the blood. I
cover our families in the blood. And I
say, 'Satan, thus far and no
further; we take authority over you.
You bow your knee. You'll not
hinder, harm, or hurt us in any
way.'We
cover our families in the blood,
Father, from the
storms. We cover the storms
right now in
the blood. There
are
storms
coming. Some people say, 'Yes, of course
it's spring.'No, these two
storms—I
see two tornadoes. Two major
tornadoes. Two major tornadoes up by
Nebraska.
It's right in the
middle, up by Nebraska and
almost by Kansas,
but it's right in that area,
Omaha. It's through there. Two
major tornadoes right in through
there. You say, 'How
major?'Major,
big tornadoes—bigger than an
EF3. So, what we do to pray against
those, not that he's showing it to us to
let it happen, but we pray a hedge of
covering around the believers that
there's no tornado activity that comes
forth and destroys any homes in
Jesus'name,
businesses, or lives. He doesn't show
us things to give us
kicks and giggles. It's so that we can
go out and take authority over it and
pray against it and say, 'No, you are
not doing this. We're not having weather
that's destructive and killing people in
Nebraska.'Do
you understand? That's
what we do. And we take the blood and we
apply the blood of Jesus over this, that
God is before us. And who can be against
us? We plead the blood of Jesus Christ
over us. And we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us is going to
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
us, we condemn it. And we thank you, Lord,
for the blood today, right now in
Jesus'name.
From the top of our head to the
soles of our feet in the mighty name of
Jesus. Thank you, Lord.
We take authority over those storms.
Thank
you, Father.
Glory to God. We thank you, Lord, for this
is the day the Lord has made, and let us
rejoice and be glad in
it. For he has made a good day. This is a
good day, Father. We worship you. We give
you praise and glory and honor. Thank
you, Father,
for you
are good and your mercy endures forever.
Oh Lord, we praise you today. Oh Lord,
we worship you
today.
Thank you, Lord. Glory to
God.
We receive what you're saying today. We
receive it, Father.
Clarity, Father. Prophetic clarity
and
pinpoint
accuracy in the days
ahead.
Even more accurate. Time to
come up
higher. Prophetic accuracy. We thank
you, Lord.
I see it. You've got to come up
higher and prophesy
in the throne room. Come up higher to the throne
of grace. You've got to
come up higher
into
the throne
room. Yeah,
thank you, Lord.
Come up higher. He says, 'Come
up higher.'There's more there. The
accuracy is in the higher.
You don't know what you
averted.
It
has
been
many, many times.
You don't know what
you've done.
The prayer of the righteous
availeth
much. What is it availing into? What is it
availing
to? To change things. To change
things. Having pinpoint accuracy
that you change things. Changing things
through the spirit; changing things
in the natural. For what you
pray in the spirit will happen in the
natural. The very plan of the enemy is
to try to kill, steal, and destroy. But
I have come that you might have life and
life more
abundantly. But you fight and you
contend for what I've called you to
do.
Contend, contend,
contend! You
fight for it. Oh, you take the land. I
have
provided the land.
I have provided all that you need. But
you've
got to take it by faith and by
force. Take it out of the
hand of the wicked. Take it out of the
hand of the unrighteous.
Take it, for it belongs to you.
It's in the wrong
hands. You don't know what you've
averted. You don't know what you've done
because
of
the understanding and
the depths of the watchman to come up
higher and think higher. Come up higher
and think higher. Oh, the difference
between the true prophetic and the
watchman.
Both are called to always
be
in
prayer. Prayer is the
foundation of every gift. But some are
called to an assignment
of
prayer. And the prophetic decrees
things and says the things that I tell
him to say, and prayer
changes
things. Don't get confused
by
giftings. One sees out in a glance with
a prophetic eye. One sees in a
prophetic
eye, telling the things that are coming.
Oh, it's similar to prophetic, but
it's different.
It's
like
words that are seen like
this are altered. You can change it
through prayer.
Prophetic is like
a
firm pillar,
but this watching is changed
through prayer. The assignment is
prayer: watching, seeing, praying,
and changing things which are
to come—the
enemy's plans. Seeing a
watchman
on the wall, changing the
enemy's plan. The prophetic says, 'Thus saith the
Lord, it will come to pass.'I see,
they are
very
similar.
I see it. It's
right. It's not taught in the church. He
says it's not taught in the
church, so therefore it brings
confusion.
Two different standards, two
different functions, but
similar.
Therefore, it brings
confusion.
It's the see and
the
watches. Watchers watch.
What are you watching for?
Watch and pray.
For there are people who are watchers
trying to be prophetic, and
there are those who are prophetic trying to be
watchers. Know your place and what I've
called you to
be. It's all in how you see.
He says it's all in how you
see; it's all in how you relay what I
tell you to
say. I see it for the first
time ever. I see it,
son.
And that's why
they link them so
close together, because one is seeing
to change things and one is
seeing and decreeing things, and
they flow together like harmony.
The world
confuses it. One thinks he's
prophetic when he's a watcher, and the one
that's a watcher thinks he's prophetic.
They try to mix together and
say, 'Well, I'm a watchman,'but
they are
two
different assignments. Both are based
out of prayer.
Do you
see? Every gift—from pastor,
prophet, teacher, evangelist, and
apostle—they
all are based out of
prayer. The foundation of every ministry
gift is prayer, and
the Word backs
it. I've called intercessors; I've
called people to be
intercessors.
Prayer changes things. He
says, 'Averting what the enemy has in
store for you.'You don't know what
you've averted. You don't know what
you've done by your prayer, my son.
So look up.
Have a
heart that's looked up today, a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Look up today, for you
don't know what you've averted.
Oh, don't look down. Stand on what I
say.
They will laugh and they will mock
because they're ignorant to that
which is to
come. And there's judgment for
them. I said, 'Touch not mine anointed.
Touch not my prophetic voices. Touch not
them. Harm no man.'I will silence
those
critics. I will silence the critics I
hear.
Oh, pray for them,
for many more critics will
come. More critics will come as the unraveling
and the revealing
come
stronger and stronger. As you come up
higher and higher with the
fire,
your job is to avert these things.
I
say it's a prayer
veil.
Many prayer
veils.
Understanding your gift,
understanding your place of authority,
understanding what I've called you to
do. It's so interesting; it's
all about the teaching in the
church. They don't
teach about the spiritual gifts
or
how
they flow. For a lot of people—the evangelists,
the pastors—the
meaning
of what they're called to be
is
surface.
Watchmen,
pastors,
prophets—they
leave it there.
It's a title, it's a label, but
it doesn't go into the depth of what
they do, and therefore it brings
confusion in the Body of Christ.
The Lord says
time and time again, people get out
of step and out of sync with
Him, trying to operate on a
platform that they are not anointed to
operate in, and it brings
confusion. They say, 'I'm a prophet.'He
says
they're not; they're watchers.
They say,
'I'm a
prophet,'and
He says, 'No, they're not.
They're called to pray.'They're seeing
the future
and
they use the prophetic eye to
change things. I see faces of big
ministers right
now. Kim Clement was a true prophet.
Understanding your position
of authority and what He's
called you to be breaks the confusion.
It's not
confusing; it's understanding who you
are and teaching it from the
pulpit. I got something today; I
saw things
that brought
clarity for me. I needed
that. I appreciate You, Holy
Spirit. It clears up confusion. Thank you,
Father. You don't know what
you've
averted. You don't know what we've done.
That's what He says, for He shows you
that which is to
come and how you change it
as a watchman versus
prophetic.
So many people stepped out of step
and
out of sync. They
are
trying
to be one thing when He's called them to be
another,
but
they don't know who they are because
they're not
taught. They function very
similarly.
They both see
through the eyes on the
wall, but one
sees
so far and with more detail.
They
operate
like
a
right eye and a left eye. Both are
seeing, but one is called
to pray and do something different.
All giftings
are
based out
of prayer, but one's assignment
is prayer versus
decreeing
like a pillar.
It's not taught, and
even what I just saw is
just a surface scratch of
something much deeper. There is depth to this.
I pray this video blessed you
today; it blessed me. But you've got to take it by faith and by force. Take it out of
the hand of the wicked. Take it out of the hand of the unrighteous. Take it,
for it belongs to you. It's in the wrong hands. You don't know what you've averted. You don't know what you've done because of the understanding and the depths of the watchman to come up higher and think higher. Come up higher and think higher. Oh, the difference between the true prophetic and the watchman. Both are called to always be in prayer. Prayer is the foundation of every gift.
But some are called to an assignment of prayer. And the prophetic decrees things and says the things that I tell him to say, and prayer changes things. Don't get confused by giftings. One sees out in a glance with a prophetic eye. One sees in a prophetic eye, telling the things that are coming. Oh, it's similar to prophetic, but it's different. It's like words that are seen like
this
are altered. You can change it through prayer. Prophetic is like a firm pillar, but this watching is changed through prayer. The assignment is prayer: watching, seeing, praying, and changing
things which are to come—the enemy's plans. Seeing a watchman on the wall, changing the enemy's plan. The prophetic says, 'Thus saith the Lord, it will come to pass.'I see, they are very similar. I see it. It's right. It's not taught in the church. He says it's not taught in the church, so therefore it brings confusion. Two different standards, two different functions, but similar. Therefore, it brings confusion. It's the see and the watches. Watchers watch. What are you watching for? Watch and pray. For there are people who are watchers trying to be prophetic, and there are those who are prophetic trying to be watchers. Know your place and what I've called you to be. It's all in how you see. He says it's all in how you see; it's all in how you relay what I tell you to say. I see it for the first time ever. I see it, son. And that's why they link them so close together, because one is seeing to change things and one is seeing and decreeing things, and they flow together like harmony. The world confuses it. One thinks he's prophetic when he's a watcher, and the one that's a watcher thinks he's prophetic. They try to mix together and say, 'Well, I'm a watchman,'but they are two different assignments. Both are based out of prayer. Do you see? Every gift—from pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist, and apostle—they all are based out of prayer. The foundation of every ministry gift is prayer, and the Word backs it. I've called intercessors; I've called people to be intercessors. Prayer changes things. He says, 'Averting what the enemy has in store for you.'You don't know what you've averted. You don't know what you've done by your prayer, my son. So look up. Have a heart that's looked up today, a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Look up today, for you don't know what you've averted. Oh, don't look down. Stand on what I say. They will laugh and they will mock because they're ignorant to that which is to come. And there's judgment for them. I said, 'Touch not mine anointed. Touch not my prophetic voices. Touch not them. Harm no man.'I will silence those critics. I will silence the critics I hear. Oh, pray for them, for many more critics will come. More critics will come as the unraveling and the revealing come stronger and stronger. As you come up higher and higher with the fire, your job is to avert these things. I say it's a prayer veil. Many prayer veils. Understanding your gift, understanding your place of authority, understanding what I've called you to do. It's so interesting; it's all about the teaching in the church. They don't teach about the spiritual gifts or how they flow. For a lot of people—the evangelists, the pastors—the meaning of what they're called to be is surface. Watchmen, pastors, prophets—they leave it there. It's a title, it's a label, but it doesn't go into the depth of what they do, and therefore it brings confusion in the Body of Christ. The Lord says time and time again, people get out of step and out of sync with Him, trying to operate on a platform that they are not anointed to operate in, and it brings confusion. They say, 'I'm a prophet.'He says they're not; they're watchers. They say, 'I'm a prophet,'and He says, 'No, they're not. They're called to pray.'They're seeing the future and they use the prophetic eye to change things. I see faces of big ministers right now. Kim Clement was a true prophet. Understanding your position of authority and what He's called you to be breaks the confusion. It's not confusing; it's understanding who you are and teaching it from the pulpit. I got something today; I saw things that brought clarity for me. I needed that. I appreciate You, Holy Spirit. It clears up confusion. Thank you, Father. You don't know what you've averted. You don't know what we've done. That's what He says, for He shows you that which is to come and how you change it as a watchman versus prophetic. So many people stepped out of step and out of sync. They are trying to be one thing when He's called them to be another, but they don't know who they are because they're not taught. They function very similarly. They both see through the eyes on the wall, but one sees so far and with more detail. They operate like a right eye and a left eye. Both are seeing, but one is called to pray and do something different. All giftings are based out of prayer, but one's assignment is prayer versus decreeing like a pillar. It's not taught, and even what I just saw is just a surface scratch of something much deeper. There is depth to this. I pray this video blessed
you
today;
it
blessed
me.